README.md, before:

<!--lint disable double-link-->

# Awesome Guitar [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> Useful resources for (beginner) guitar :guitar: players

You might also like [awesome-sheet-music](https://github.com/adius/awesome-sheet-music) and [awesome-music](https://github.com/ciconia/awesome-music).

*Please read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) before contributing.*

## Contents

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Community](#community)
- [Learning](#learning)
  - [Background](#background)
  - [Guitar Types](#guitar-types)
  - [Courses](#courses)
  - [Practice](#practice)
  - [Theory](#theory)
- [Playing](#playing)
  - [Songs](#songs)
  - [Equipment](#equipment)
- [Tools](#tools)
  - [Mobile](#mobile)
  - [Websites](#websites)
- [Building](#building)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Community

- [/r/Guitar](https://www.reddit.com/r/Guitar/) - General subreddit about guitars.
- [Music: Practice & Theory](https://music.stackexchange.com/) - Stack Exchange for music.
- [UG](https://www.ultimate-guitar.com/) - Guitar tabs and more.

## Learning

### Background

- [Guitar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guitar) - General Wikipedia entry about guitars.

### Guitar Types

- [Acoustic Guitar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acoustic_guitar) - Wikipedia entry about acoustic guitars.
- [Electric Guitar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electric_guitar) - Wikipedia entry about electric guitars.
- [Guitalele](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guitalele) - Wikipedia entry about guitaleles.

### Courses

- [Wikibooks](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Guitar) - Free introductory book.
- [Introduction to Guitar](https://www.coursera.org/learn/guitar) - Coursera course.
- [Justin Guitar](https://www.justinguitar.com/) - Free online lessons and great books.

### Practice

- [/r/guitarlessons](https://www.reddit.com/r/guitarlessons/) - Subbreddit for questions about learning to play guitar.

### Theory

- [Open Music Theory](http://openmusictheory.com/) - Open-source, interactive, online textbook.
- [teoría](http://teoria.com/) - Tutorials, exercises, reference and articles about music theory.
- [/r/musictheory](https://www.reddit.com/r/musictheory/) - Subreddit about music theory.

## Playing

### Songs

- [Recommended Guitar Songs](https://github.com/axs221/recommended-guitar-songs) - Lists of songs for beginning, intermediate, advanced and expert players.
- [/r/weeklyguitarist](https://www.reddit.com/r/weeklyguitarist/) - Learn a new song every week!

### Equipment

- [Effects unit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Effects_unit) - Wikipedia article about effect pedals.
- [/r/guitarpedals](https://www.reddit.com/r/guitarpedals/) - Subreddit for everything related to guitar pedals.

## Tools

### Mobile

- [SciTuner](https://github.com/kreshikhin/SciTuner) - Guitar tuner for iOS.
- [Android-Guitar-Tuner](https://github.com/chRyNaN/Android-Guitar-Tuner) - Guitar tuner for Android.
- [Drum On!](https://f-droid.org/de/packages/se.tube42.drum.android/) - Drum app for Android.
- [Earmouse](https://f-droid.org/de/packages/pk.contender.earmouse/) - Learn intervals and chords on Android.
- [Cythara](https://f-droid.org/de/packages/com.github.cythara/) - Instrument tuner for Android.

### Websites

- [Guitar Dashboard](http://guitardashboard.com/) - Interactive fretboard and circle of fifths.
- [guitar-tuner](https://github.com/googlearchive/guitar-tuner) - Web-based guitar tuner.
- [arpeggio](https://github.com/korywakefield/arpeggio) - Chord naming app.
- [guitar](https://github.com/1j01/guitar) - Interactive fretboard and tablature editor.
- [Guitar Bro](https://github.com/makaroni4/guitar_bro) - Browser game for learning notes on the guitar.
- [GuitarStack](https://github.com/lucaong/guitarstack) - Browser-based effect stack for electric guitars.
- [Pedalboard](https://github.com/DeerMichel/pedalboard) - Online pedalboard for audio manipulation.
- [Fretboard for Guitar and Ukulele](https://guitarstreams.com/tool/fretboard/) - Interactive fretboard for guitar and ukulele.

## Building

- [guitarspecs](https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs) - Build your own electric guitar.
- [/r/Luthier](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luthier/) - Subreddit for luthiers.

Commit message:

Add PracticeLoop to guitar practice tools
PracticeLoop is a web-based practice tool that helps guitarists:
- Slow down YouTube videos (0.25x-2x speed)
- Loop difficult sections with A-B looping
- Progressive speed training (auto-increment speed after N reps)
- Built-in metronome and practice timer

Perfect for learning solos, riffs, and building technique.

README.md, after:

<!--lint disable double-link-->

# Awesome Guitar [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

> Useful resources for (beginner) guitar :guitar: players

You might also like [awesome-sheet-music](https://github.com/adius/awesome-sheet-music) and [awesome-music](https://github.com/ciconia/awesome-music).

*Please read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) before contributing.*

## Contents

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Community](#community)
- [Learning](#learning)
  - [Background](#background)
  - [Guitar Types](#guitar-types)
  - [Courses](#courses)
  - [Practice](#practice)
  - [Theory](#theory)
- [Playing](#playing)
  - [Songs](#songs)
  - [Equipment](#equipment)
- [Tools](#tools)
  - [Mobile](#mobile)
  - [Websites](#websites)
- [Building](#building)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Community

- [/r/Guitar](https://www.reddit.com/r/Guitar/) - General subreddit about guitars.
- [Music: Practice & Theory](https://music.stackexchange.com/) - Stack Exchange for music.
- [UG](https://www.ultimate-guitar.com/) - Guitar tabs and more.

## Learning

### Background

- [Guitar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guitar) - General Wikipedia entry about guitars.

### Guitar Types

- [Acoustic Guitar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acoustic_guitar) - Wikipedia entry about acoustic guitars.
- [Electric Guitar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electric_guitar) - Wikipedia entry about electric guitars.
- [Guitalele](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guitalele) - Wikipedia entry about guitaleles.

### Courses

- [Wikibooks](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Guitar) - Free introductory book.
- [Introduction to Guitar](https://www.coursera.org/learn/guitar) - Coursera course.
- [Justin Guitar](https://www.justinguitar.com/) - Free online lessons and great books.

### Practice

- [/r/guitarlessons](https://www.reddit.com/r/guitarlessons/) - Subbreddit for questions about learning to play guitar.

### Theory

- [Open Music Theory](http://openmusictheory.com/) - Open-source, interactive, online textbook.
- [teoría](http://teoria.com/) - Tutorials, exercises, reference and articles about music theory.
- [/r/musictheory](https://www.reddit.com/r/musictheory/) - Subreddit about music theory.

## Playing

### Songs

- [Recommended Guitar Songs](https://github.com/axs221/recommended-guitar-songs) - Lists of songs for beginning, intermediate, advanced and expert players.
- [/r/weeklyguitarist](https://www.reddit.com/r/weeklyguitarist/) - Learn a new song every week!

### Equipment

- [Effects unit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Effects_unit) - Wikipedia article about effect pedals.
- [/r/guitarpedals](https://www.reddit.com/r/guitarpedals/) - Subreddit for everything related to guitar pedals.

## Tools

### Mobile

- [SciTuner](https://github.com/kreshikhin/SciTuner) - Guitar tuner for iOS.
- [Android-Guitar-Tuner](https://github.com/chRyNaN/Android-Guitar-Tuner) - Guitar tuner for Android.
- [Drum On!](https://f-droid.org/de/packages/se.tube42.drum.android/) - Drum app for Android.
- [Earmouse](https://f-droid.org/de/packages/pk.contender.earmouse/) - Learn intervals and chords on Android.
- [Cythara](https://f-droid.org/de/packages/com.github.cythara/) - Instrument tuner for Android.

### Websites

- [Guitar Dashboard](http://guitardashboard.com/) - Interactive fretboard and circle of fifths.
- [guitar-tuner](https://github.com/googlearchive/guitar-tuner) - Web-based guitar tuner.
- [arpeggio](https://github.com/korywakefield/arpeggio) - Chord naming app.
- [guitar](https://github.com/1j01/guitar) - Interactive fretboard and tablature editor.
- [Guitar Bro](https://github.com/makaroni4/guitar_bro) - Browser game for learning notes on the guitar.
- [GuitarStack](https://github.com/lucaong/guitarstack) - Browser-based effect stack for electric guitars.
- [Pedalboard](https://github.com/DeerMichel/pedalboard) - Online pedalboard for audio manipulation.
- [Fretboard for Guitar and Ukulele](https://guitarstreams.com/tool/fretboard/) - Interactive fretboard for guitar and ukulele.
- [PracticeLoop](https://teal-semifreddo-cad4ad.netlify.app/) - Slow down & loop YouTube videos for guitar practice with progressive speed training.

## Building

- [guitarspecs](https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs) - Build your own electric guitar.
- [/r/Luthier](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luthier/) - Subreddit for luthiers.
